Update software_templates.md (#27521)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_catalog/software_templates.md

### Create software template workflows
To use software templates in Datadog, create a Git repository with the desired template. You can start from scratch or use our quickstart blueprints to learn from an example.

#### Start from an example

> Navigate to [App Builder Blueprints][9] and select one of the following blueprints. These are examples of how to configure an App &/or Workflow to help you get started. You can make updates to the examples to fit your needs, such as configuring inputs, setting up integrations with source code management and/or cloud providers, and configuring permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to [App Builder Blueprints][9] and select one of the following blueprints. These are examples of how to configure an App or Workflow to help you get started. You can make updates to the examples to fit your needs, such as configuring inputs, setting up integrations with source code management or cloud providers, and configuring permissions.
```

I realize "and/or" is technically more accurate, but it often confuses people and we try not to use it. When it's important to communicate the "and/or", you can add an "or both" afterward, but in high-level descriptions like these, I don't think the plain "or" will mislead folks.

  
3. Configure the templating workflow:
   - Use GitHub, Gitlab, or HTTP [actions][7] to retrieve your template files.
   - Use the Apply Template [action][7] to manipulate your template repository and pass in your input parameters.
   - Use GitHub, Gitlab, or HTTP [actions][7] to upload the project files to the repository.
   - Save the workflow.

  {{< img src="tracing/service_catalog/templating-workflow.png" alt="Workflow for building software template automation" style="width:100%;" >}}

4. Test your App and Workflow:
   - Click **View App** to view the app on a standalone page in a preview.
   - Track the success of the workflow templating process in [Workflow Automation][3].

### Publishing your App 

> Once you have finished setting up and testing up your App, you can publish it for your team members to use. This will prompt you to define permissions and then allow you to add it to a Dashboard or to the Self-Service portal. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have finished setting up and testing up your App, you can publish it for your team members to use. The publishing flow prompts you to define permissions and then allows you to add your App to a Dashboard or to the Self-Service portal. 
```

  {{< img src="tracing/service_catalog/self-service-publish.png" alt="Publish to Self-Service" style="width:100%;" >}}

### Available Service Catalog Actions

> Below is a list of actions available for Service Catalog in Datadog App Builder & Workflow Automation. You can see a full list of in the [Action Catalog][7].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a list of actions available for Service Catalog in Datadog App Builder and Workflow Automation. You can see a full list of in the [Action Catalog][7].
```
